make it so if you press to go in direction
opposite to your facing and your speed is 0 then it rotates you


make it so corpses take 5 damage then disappear. stops corpses blocking 
the way and makes bombs remove threat of zombies
but don't print the thing takes -5 damage when it's already dead

tasks for today:

v 1 do lich and spells
v 2 test bomb bug.make it so you can't go over bombs.
3 try a fix for the movement bug. "face up"


make ignite blood only used when near player


foreach(var obj in from o in someList where o.SomeBooleanTest select o)
{
    //do stuff
}

weird thing where i'm at the bottom of the map facing down and enemies
are frozen. if i rotate so i'm facing se instead of s they start moving
again. caused by next move by a* towards target being exact opposite of 
facing so instead of moving it stops them. fix this for mobs at least and
maybe player when under effects of maus moob

invisible ice golem bug

need to take damage if on blood when ignited




1. content enemies: magic users
	ice mage		
	v	ice wall (walls expand)
	v	ice beam
	v	summon 1-3 ice golem
	v	chilling hands (next to you): slows you!
	necromancer
	v	ignite blood
	v	explode corpse
	v	raise dead
	v	drain life(has to be next to you)]
	lich: (when necro raised by necro)						
		ignite blood
		RAIN BLOOD!
		drain life BEAM VERSION
		ISHTAR'S THREAT: RAISE THE DEAD AND THEY SHALL EAT THE LIVING
		
2. content: items
	
	which, if any, for barrels and which for moop crate?
	
	piece of meat to attrackt wolf
	bomb to throw
	trap to set
	scroll of ice cube
	scroll of fire lance
	speed potion
	special potion (gives special)		
		papa greebo: carpet of muhkittens (bunch of 1hp mobs)
		pango: tung grab (grab item)
		marsby: maxim strike (damage mobs)
		polarmoop: dance (moop and enemies dance and they take damage)
	a hopped up fox!
	
	another idea: item: fishing kit: get fish from water. hp back
	or even eat fish - low hp regain, be standing on blood when
	ignited, fish gets fried. full hp back on eat. almost becomes
	like an adventure game
	
	idea for another potion: coldproof for crossing water
	
	
3. fix interaction of a* with rotational movement

	why do some enemies face north and never move until you get closer?
	i suspect a nonpassable invisible. new theory: it's a* cutting out as it 
	does for player
	
4. no map unsolvable	

	make henge stones items too so can bomb? or floodtest
	
	bugs that don't matter that much. resist urge to fix!
	problem:trees generating in snow-topped boulders
	reason:boulders take a free space then slide to the edge. they need to 
	put that free space back or only peek at it if possible, then they need to unfreespace what they land on. the slide 	has to check for trees and cairns by checking itemgrid is null, not just check displaychar
	
	check floodfill of level before barrels because they can be destroyed. 
	
	sometimes can't get into house because door inaccessible
	 due to edge of map

	we do need to fix that hillock thing- spawned in one, couldn't move
	why exactly does click move stop?
	
5. balancing of difficulty after adding new mobs and items. increase mob# ?

6. attack grid

when you crit (random) you cause bleeding and same on you by enemies

moopwater is not being set to nopass

enemy adjacent to you turns to face you

you can walk in water

enemy should skate up to you, can hit you and end up drifting past
(enemies coast as they attack)

polarmoops in water need to check for other polarmoops for passablility
deal with offscreen damage messages being ridiculously off edge

make it so it's easier to turn on ice when stopped but not snow

before starting the game, see if any mobs too close to player and if
so walk them away from the player like flee style

add concept of buffs and debuffs. 
	freezing
	bleeding
	attack up, down
	def up, down
	
change item instance so it includes the extra data and get rid of extradata. or make item instance just the tile not a class.

a little pffffffft shower of snow particles when you turn and stop
haha that's really going to happen in 7drl...

general suspicious slowdown after adding game state code

sound effect - hum of warp gate increases with proximity

ripples on pond

if you ever destroy a lantern regen lighting
when you activate a cairn, redo lighting (dostaticlights())

stop player turning lantern on and off it's always on

make walls item not map feature so you can blow em up



eventually, not 7drl:

procedural blood

sound attributions
http://www.freesound.org/people/escortmarius/sounds/172569/
http://www.freesound.org/people/be_a_hero_not_a_patriot/sounds/331886/
http://www.freesound.org/people/833-45/sounds/11725/